---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-06
title: Flamenco, Granada and Sierra Nevada
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 50.54
distance: 92070
duration: 22790
---
Last night, upon Guys recommendation, I bought a ticket too see Flamenco at the "Le Chien Andalou", next to the Almhara in Granada. I was apprehensive about what to expect, and slightly concerned about going by myself and so having to make my own company. I was shown in after presenting my ticket at 09:30, I sat next to a girl who was reading a book. She was from Iceland and was backpacking, visiting friends around europe, having been already to Dublin and Manchester. The show started at 10:00 - I had to duck my head between the seated people in the crowded intimate venue. 

Annoyingly at least three people were recording the whole event on their mobile phones, holding their phones above their heads and seemingly paying more attention to the phone then the event - what are they here for? Maybe to record the event so as to enjoy it a later date, through posting it on YouTube or showing off to friends. In anycase, these hovering balls of light were distracting and I resented these people. Oh yes.

The guitarist, strumming, would pass from being good to being unbelievable, as the strums danced off into trills and runs with amazing precision and speed. I found myself laughing gleefully at these moments. Towards the end of the first set the dancer came up to the stage, and was just as impressive as the guitarist, contributing not only visually but audicabbly, primarily through the stamping of her feet. As the guitarist would strum 8 beats in a second, so the dancer would stamp her feet "taktaktaktak".

That was last night, I got up this morning at 08:25, but was awake long before that, for no good reason, I should have been tiered, and the dormitory was very quiet. I was sleeping in a small room with a 3 tier bunkbed, I was on the bottom and the two bunks above me were occupied.

I had a biggish breakfast at 08:30 and was hungry due to not eating dinner night before. After that I tried to do some work in the breakfast room on my laptop, but was prevented by doing so when an Italian Biologist started talking to me, she was nice and talkative, and I was thinking that I could have probably have had a more interesting conversation with her, as it was we just spoke about language differences and the diffuclties involved in learning language X - pretty standard traveller conversation. I really just wanted to get on with some work. After she left, I got up for another coffee and noticed the nice young French couple from yesterday, and I ended up talking with them for about another 45 minutes, by which time it was already 11:00 and I had to go.

I had identified a campsite, at about 87k by the power of google maps, and today I would be heading into the Sierra Nevada mountain range - a vague goal of mine since Portugal - the ride started with a longish stretch on a busy road which was none-the-less frequented by not a few roadsters. Then the mountains began in earnest and become gradually steeper and more impressive.

Finished the final lesson in the first third of my spanish lessons. So 30 down, and I guess, 60 to go.