---
layout: journey
date: 2013-04-30
title: Gibraltar to the Acornocales National Park
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 50.02
distance: 118770
duration: 25610
---
They call it the Acornocales after the type of tree which grows here, this tree can be harvested for cork.

I left the Hostel in Gibraltar a little late after having some toast and doing some stuff on the internet. I had the idea of downloading some classic Pearl Jam music for my MP3 player, so started the day rocking out to Veddar and friends.

I thought I would be heading into the mountains, but was unsure as to if I would or not. My map doesn't show altitude, only forests, so I was glad as I rode over a hill that revealed a distant snow capped mountain ahead. The sun was shining and I felt good, and ready for a day in the mountains.

I came up to a junction, there was a sign on the left, in the road saying "Attencion! Caraterra Cortada". I wasn't sure what "Cortada" meant, I looked it up and it was defined as "cut up" or "obstructed". But the road wasn't exactly "barred" a car could easily go around, and in any case it seemed to be simply calling attention to the fact that maybe the road was a little rough.

Later on I found out what the sign meant, the entire road has fallen in, cars had been abandoned on either side of the great hole (I don't know why -- they could have gone back the way they came). Getting the bike over wasn't a problem, there was just enough of the road left on the right hand side.

Did 2 Spanish lessons today, they are getting harder. Having particular difficulty remembering the word for "left" and "then", whilst other words I can remember without much effort.

At 7:00pm I got into a town, I wanted to do camping, but it was getting late, so thought I would checkout the Hotel situation, €40, too much for me! I had just ridden 15k downhill all the way to this town, freewheeling, the next town was 17k and I was afraid that it would be uphill. But no, it was downhill most of the way.

Unfortunately the camp site I had been aiming for was closed, but I found a Hostel in the town, the guy originally said €38 euros, then €35 without breakfast, when I wasn't interested he said OK €25 and I accepted.