---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-24
title: Moncayo, the Road to Zaragoza and Breakages
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 53.04
distance: 90000
duration: 18840
---
Rude treatment from Spanish hotelier put me in a bad mood. From the outset she spoke rapidly and made no concessions to my inability to understand what she was saying. The WiFi wasn't working, so she went out back and reset the router then came back.

* Blah, Blah, Blah, your telephone, Blah, Blah, Blah - she pointed at the television and the counter as if to say "these things work"
* No, not my telephone, my computer also doesn't work.
* Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah, Telephone.

At no point did she indicate that she had reset the router and that my telephone might indeed work now, which it did.

* Thankyou.

The WiFi conked out again about 30 minutes later, but luckily there was a power cut in the building which reset the router. The next morning things were not working again, again she went out back to reset the router as I asked but would not confirm what she had done, she just spoke rapidly whilst I looked wide eyed at her, showing my incomprehension.

* You want something more?
* Is ok? The WiFi, you have reset?
* Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah - she continued rudely.

All she had to say was "Yes".

Left Soria on busy, no, fast road, it wasn't that busy. The road was frequented primarily by large lorries, some requiring special convoys with there wide loads. They passed quite close and I would be sucked slightly into their slipstreams.

Scenery was stunning and tranquil. Big mountain, Moncayo, (15km long and 7km wide) was constantly in view, I cycled towards it and then around it on the left hand side. There was lots of snow on the top.

Now for breakages. First the minor: Dropped my coffee mug on the floor, chipping it. But it survived to be used another day. Secondly: Tent pole. This was a bigger worry.

There are two arches and two poles on my tent, each is inserted into the tent and piped around to the opposite side, you then have to push the pole up and bend the end of the pole into a ring, locking the pole in position. Yesterday increased the taughtness of the front slightly in an attempt to reduce the ground clearance. This turned out to be a bad idea.

As I inserted the pole and tried to catch it in the ring it snapped.

* Oh shit. Oh fuck. Hmm.

I first tried to fix it with tape, which, considering that this was the point on the tent pole where there was the most pressure, didn't hold for a second. In the end I strapped a tent pole to the two segments and taped that to them. Not sure how much this helped, but I did manage to get the tent up again. Could certainly fix it well if I had a hacksaw and a drill.

Ended up in campsite - EcoCamping. Cheapest so far at €8 and they provided me with free electricity on my camping pitch, free because it was from solar power. Unfortunately their WiFi wasn't working, so not internet, but it was nice to just site down and do some serious reading.