---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-30
title: 2011 meters in the snow
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 55.55
distance: 66000
duration: 15600
---
When I looked out of my window and saw that the sky was a whitish grey and that there was snow and rain I thought, hmm. Thats a shame and spent a bit longer than normal on my computer before packing my stuff up and clearing out of the hostel room.

I started off with my cycling gloves and got about 4km up the road before stopping. Snow had already started piling up on my bags and my exposed fingers were feeling the cold. I stopped at a sign "Porte de ____ 6% gradient 2011m" - it pictured a matchstick cyclist strugling up a triangle.

I thought, wow. So this is just the begining, I wonder what its going to be like at the top. I considered going back to the hostel - the last time I went up a mountain in a snow storm was the most extreme experience of my life, I had never been so cold on the descent, and I didn't want a repeat today. To make matters worse my brake pads are very cheap ones - in the cold and wet they can wear down to the metal in 10 minutes.

I decided to push on, I had some ski gloves, and as for the brakes, well - maybe it will stop snowing. Worst case scenario I will have to camp out I thought half-seriously.

The ascent didn't cause any problems as expected. Feet were cold, but not numb. And a healthy sweat kept the rest of me warm as I worked my way up the mountain. The snow got heavier and started settling more, but was never thick on the road. After about 2 or so hours I reached the ski-station at the top.

Passing by the inactive ski lifts and closed-down bars and shops and hotels I made my way to the offical peak of the pass and bracing myself started to descend. The wind was blowing cold in my face and the snow would batter me from the left or head-on as I twisted and turned very slowly around the bends, my front brakes were already making that metal-on-metal sound, so they were fininished, I could only use them sparingly. I relied on my back break.

As I went down and down, trying to control my speed the break lever gave in more and more until pressing the brake all the way down wouldn't slow me down. I had to use the heels of my shoes to stop.

I had maybe covered 8km, both break pads were now finished. It was snowing and I started walking (the back break could still be used to slow the bicycle as I walked with it). I decided to wave down the next truck that passed by and see if I could get a lift. It was about 20k to the next village. After 15 minutes a truck was coming down the hill, I waved but he carried on by. "Cheers mate" I thought.

I was getting colder as walking doesn't generate as much heat as cycling, so had to stick on more layers. On the less steep sections I could still ride, trying to keep my speed at a manageable 20kmph - a speed at which the break was still effective to slow me down.

After about 30 minutes the snow slowly stopped and the rain eased off. I could sense the heat of the sun through the thining clouds. Down below I could also see the road was going to even off - I would be able to cycle on that.

Later the sun came out and the landscape was transformed, not a sign of the rain. I was comforble enough now to stop and adjust my breaks - I made the back break tighter - suprisingly (to me) they still had a fair bit of rubber left, although in the wet what was left wouldn't have lasted 5 minutes, in the dry they are fine.

I was back to normal and cruised the remaining 10k downhill to the next village, had a bannana, then cruised another 20k to a bigger village and then to this campsite.

The rest of the day has been good, if not more expensive than normal. I found some breakpads and replaced my worn out ones. I bought some Camping Gaz for cooking and the spare part for the tent that I found the day before yesterday works perfectly, so the tent is back to normal.

I have also attempted to patch my punctured air-mattress with my bicycle puncture repair kit, the first attempt seems like it might work if not for a secondary hole, which I have now patched up - will see how that turns out. If that fails the Intersport shop here has repair kits specific to air matresses, so might have to resort to one of those.