---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-04
title: To Granada
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 50.54
distance: 126760
duration: 25547
---
Back on the road after days repose in Antequery. Spent about half of the day working on various web stuff in the bargin Hotel room and had a lesiurely walk around the city. Downloaded and watched part 1 of the film "Ché" the Ché Guavara biopic by Stephen Sodenberg, unexpected bonus that the film is in Spanish, so felt more justified in monging out for 2.5 hours in front of the laptop.

Stopped for 33k break at a café/resteraunt, where the owner, after I assertained that the price of a cake was €1, and asked only for a coffee, gave me the cake for 30c, an unexpected gesture of kindness. Stopped only an hour later for lunch, forgetting that I already had cake.

I estimated Granada to be 100k, but this was a very "as the crow flies" estimate, so total distance 126k. But no complaints as the wind was good to me, and the roads were quiet, and the scenery was great.

Finished only one Spanish lesson, number 29. The last in the series is 30. These 30 lessons make up "Part 1", I also have parts 2 and 3 which I assume add 30 lessons each - a long way to go! I don't expect to finish them before leaving Spain, so will probably resume at some far away point in the future.

Got into Grandada, and using my trusted OSMAnd+ map located an official "Albege de Juventude" (or whatever). It was quite a large establishment, with an automated gate.

* How old are you?
* 32
* Hmm. Well, its €26
* Oh
* €28 if you don't have a membership

Well.. fuck that thank you very much. I left to checkout the next "unofficial" hostel on the map and came across the "El Granado". A very classy and quiet hostel, she said that the place was really a family type deal in response to my inquiry about the expected noise level at night. And indeed, its now 22:32 and I'm typing this in the common area, there are two other guys in here and all is quiet, no music, no nothing, no talking, nada. Only €16 euros not including breakfast, which is a buffet provided for only €2.

Tomorrow I feel obliged to visit a particular tourist attraction, which is apparently the #1 most visited attraction in the whole of Europe. The Alhambra. Not only was this place mentioned by my mother the day-before-yesterday, but also was mentioned in a 1970's documentary series I am watching, "The Ascent of Man", an odd coincidence, but it often happens that you find out some commonly known, but unknown to you, fact and then this fact suddenly seems to be mentioned frequently. Much like when you learn a new word in a foreign language, and suddenly recognize it in every conversation.