---
layout: journey
date: 2013-04-24
title: Heulva to Sevilla
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 42.48
distance: 96480
duration: 22140
---
Did a little work before leaving the cheap pension in Heulva (pronounced whuelva) and finally announced this website to the general public (consisting of both Ylly and the CMF mailing list) and so enabling me to put a mental "finished" tag on this site and move onto other things.

I set out at around 10 O'clock and ended up cycling past some tree-bark manufacturing / processing area, and my eyes were being constantly iritated by wood particles large and small being blown into my face by a strong head-wind. Its at times like this that sun-glasses, or even better, just plain perspex glasses, would be invaluable. Stopped at the next "chinese" shop and bought a cheap pair for €3.

They kept slipping down from my nose by force of gravity and so with my abundant free-time I devised a plan, taking the elasticated head band from my head torch I tied it to the glasses. This took some time. At one point I decided to snap off both of the ear-supports, leaving just my improvised head band to keep the glasses on my head. Luckily that wasn't so easy either, and after a short experimental ride with the elasticated glasses I realized that there was a reason sun-glasses were not elasiticated. The elastication pulls the glasses into your face and they steam up, and its quite uncomfortable. Problem with sun glasses still unresolved.

Had lunch, finishing yesterdays bread and having a good go at 4-5 day old pasta and sauce. Tasted vinegary, and clearly metamorphosized by the passage of time, but didn't get ill, or at least not in a way that I could assign blame.

Finished spanish lessons 18 and 19.

Struggled against a headwind all day as I headed east to Sevilla.