---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-22
title: Fear of Mauling by Horn or Tooth - Animals
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 56.64
distance: 79000
duration: 18305
---
From the campsite it was 8k to the start of the over-the-mountain crossing. I am glad in retrospect to have not taken the motorway option, as this was actually a good mountain day. From the village I made my way up the mountain climb for about 1.5-2 hours, seeing the types of trees change with altitude and encountering snow at the very top.

There were cows in the road about 3/4 of the way. I am somewhat nervous about cows, there are very much bigger than I am, and these ones have horns and baby calves. And what do bulls look like anyway?

I made my way past them, and they silently looked at me, some moved aside but one of the small ones decided that he should run away from me. Unfortunately, the only way he could run was up-the-road. Which was where I was going. I slowly made my way up the mountain at 6kmph and this calf was always ahead of me. I tried getting off my bike, I tried talkkng to it, but it just kept running ahead, getting further and further from the rest of the cows. Finally there was a fork in the road and the calf turned off and I carried on past it. It mooed anxiously back down the mountain for its mother.

After descending the mountain I found myself in moorland, and after scaling the crest of a hill heard a dog barking, it sounded like a big dog, I saw it was indeed a big dog and that it had no leash. Luckily it did have a shepard who took control of it to my relief. The shepard asked me for the time and then I rode on, past his sheep and dogs. 5 minutes later I heard more barking, two more dogs. Big dogs. Vicious big dogs. Barking viciously at me. No shepard, no sheep. Just two angry dogs. Luckily they didn't make the decision to maul me but lopped after me for a while before I could speed away.

Finally I was in a village, a quiet village, and there was a sleepy dog outside of a bar. When I rode in his ears pricked up and he lazily trotted over to me and started smelling and licking my leg, then my paniers, I ruffled his ears and then started off again. But the dog kept with me, "jesus" I thought. "GO" "Geaarttt" I said. But it wouldn't listen. He followed me out of town before I could outrun him. Dogs.