---
layout: journey
date: 2013-04-29
title: Gibraltar
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 44.39
distance: 38720
duration: 9425
---
I had breakfast at the arab cafe next to the hotel, not the best deal in town as I found out later, but it was in keeping with my policy of doing exactly what I did the last time I was here. I am staying in the same hotel, I had breakfast in the cafe, I drank 1 liter of red wine whilst watching a film.

At 9:00am I didn't know what I was going to do today. I wanted to go to Gibraltar, because I'm British, and Gibraltar is a British overseas territory. Also they have monkeys. On the other hand it would involve doing a thing which I find distasteful - going back on myself. I would have to go there, do a circuit, then ride out again on the same road, before I can be at where I was earlier in the day. This bugs me because it doesn't really represent progress in travel terms. Its alot of time and energy expended to go there-and-back, then go out-there once again. May as well just go out-there to start with.

I postponed my dilema until the point on the trip where I would have to make the decision (up to the mountains, or down to Gibraltar). To make matters worse the most direct route was not passable by bicycle - at least I wasn't willing to go onto the motorway - so I had to take a pleasant detour, which led into a town with a not-so-pleasant one-way system which invariably always led back to the already mentioned motorway.

I decided I would stay the night in Gibraltar, what made me change my mind was the idea of running up to the top of the rock, and also buying an English book. I had read about a youth hostel in Gibraltar, the only youth hostel, and according to somebody, the "worst youth hostel" they had ever stayed in. But, a hostel is a hostel, and circumstances make things good or bad. I decided to go to Gibraltar.

I was slightly suprised with the border control, I had to show my passport

* Blah blah blah blah
* Yeah, I lost my passport.
* Expires in June, better get back to the UK by then
* Yeah, thanks.

Later as I was leaving the Hostel I crossed the road and my foot got caught in the wheel of a passing car. I don't know how this happened, but it did. He made a noise as it got caught up by the rubber and transported round the rim past the mudguards before being slammed to the ground and run over. It happened in a second and I lurched forward as my foot was spat from the wheel and was in shock for a second waiting for some indication of the seriousness of the accident.

* Are you OK? Two ladys who had seen what had happened asked.
* Err, yeah. Yeah, my foot - I said, limping over to them

I looked down at my trainer, the accident had caused two holes to appear in the top of my trainer.

* That lady ran you over.
* Yeah. I think she did. I think its OK though, nothing broken.

As I walked away from the scene of the accident my foot started throbbing and I had emotional flashbacks to another Dan vs. Car competition that happened many years ago. I sat down, took my shoe and sock off, and had a look. It was OK, it would bruise but indeed nothing seemed broken, but running now would not be possible, and walking was of questionable possibility.

I walked around the bookshops to continue my quest for the Richard Pevear and Larrissa Voronsky translation of War and Peace, but with no success. I found two copies translated by "Aylmer and Louise Maude" however. I ended up buying a book called "The Moral Molecule - The New Science of what makes us Good or Evil" which continues a thematic chain of books I have read which goes something like this: "The Selfish Gene" (Dawkins), "Deceit and Self-Deception" (Trivers), "The Price of Altruism" (Harman) and now "The Moral Molecule" (Zak).

After this I walked to the top of the rock where <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gibraltar_Barbary_Macaques">monkeys</a> can be found. I was amazed at how human like they were, especially their eyes, I think I could have stayed up there all day with them if it weren't for all the other tourists.

Later at the hostel I needed a *british* plug adapter as all of my kit is now european: 

* Are you the, err, owner?
* Yes
* Err, heh, I was wondering, do you ..
* What, are you scared?
* Erm, no, I'm not scared
* You must be tiered then
* Yes, yes, I am a little bit tiered

He then fetched what I wanted, but he struck me as being a fuck.

I was staying in a room with two other people. Susan was a 39 year old cleaner, who had just broken up with her husband of 15 years, she explained that he beat her and that she was going to live with her grandmother tomorrow, and that she wanted to go to Barcelona to find work as her Gibraltan work permit runs out at the end of June and in anycase theres no work here anyway. The other was a guy called "Jeramiah" a suitably chistian name for a north american who grew up in a christian travelling community in Kent (England), and is now a teacher in Fez, Morocco.

Had chips and mushy peas for dinner, ticking a box on my checklist - "Eat Chips". Towards 10pm I was feeling hungry again, so I created another item - "Eat Box of Quality Street" and this box too was checked before the night was over.