---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-11
title: North
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 51.52
distance: 78990
duration: 18500
---
- You don't speak very good Spanish do you?
- No, only a little.

It is true, I don't understand most of what people say, but as I listen to the television or random peoples conversations I pick out more and more. The lessons are introducing more and more words every day and although I can't always remember them at first, slowly but surely they work they're way into my vocabulary.

Turns out I was in the Valle de Amanzaa this morning, still in the Sierra Nevadas, very scenic, surrounded by mountains on all sides, but really hot. Stifling.

A man pulled me over and spoke to me in Spanish, he looked like a sporting type and was standing next to his car with the 4 doors open and asked me where I was going.

- Madrid, but I don't speak much Spanish
- Ah, you don't speak much spanish

He looked at my bike and nodded approvingly

- For you

And he handed me an nutrition bar and a pack of energy gel

I thanked him, and moved on. Not 10 minutes later another man of another type called to me from across the road and promptly crossed and spoke to me.

- Where are you going?
- Madrid
- Ah, very long way. You need to eat no? Eat many calories.
  Calories, yes. ___ ___ ___
- I don't understand
- Duro, duro. Its hard.
- Ah yes very hard.

And here he groped my calve muscle

- You must be in good shape

He groped my calve again and I felt distinctly uncomfortable as this overweight toothless man looked up at me, he retreated and carried on talking before finally asking what he had wanted to ask all along:

- On euro.

Click! I understand, and I rumaged in my bag for a spare euro, and handed it over.

- Five euros, five.
- No. I don't have. Only credit card.

He looked disapointed. 

- You, me, go drink beer over there
- No, I have to go.

Here he kissed me once on each cheek, not a custom I associated with the Spanish and very unnecessary.

- I drink a "salut" to you.

I'd rather not have started the conversation.

I arrived at the campsite that I had planned to stay at, but there was nobody at the reception, and not going to be nobody there neither according to the sign, there was hoever a telephone number - but I didn't know the dialing code for spain.

I asked to passing women - 34 or 36 they said, "here - 34 or 36" and translating into English for me "43 or 46" "you mean 34 or 36?" "yes".

Well, I didn't understand why 34 or 36. So I tried both on both of the numbers provided on the sign, with no response, so I had to climb back up the 2km hill back to the main road to continue to the next place of rest. And so here I am, at a nice Hostel for €20.