---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-28
title: To a German campsite in Spain
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 53.04
distance: 62680
duration: 15180
---
Tough day. My legs were firstly already knackered when I started out yesterday from the running I did in Zaragoza, then yesterday I rode for 7 hours and rode hard some of the time.

This morning my legs were like jelly. As I started off it began to rain and I was climbing a mountain, scenic, but cold and wet. I was also in a bad state of mind as I reflected on the fact that I had paid a great big €27.50 for the hotel last night, and, as I reasoned, for what? I decided definitively that I prefer camping to hotels. Hotels are expensive *and* you often have to listen to other peoples television sets.

So, not in the best of moods I decided to stop at the next campsite after just 4 hours of riding. Luckily the campsite was brilliant, I was initially a bit disapointed with the price as I got the impression that it was going to cose €14.50 - but as it turns out they charged me just €10.50 in the morning, including a coffee! :)

The tent had an amazing view on an adjacent mountain side and it was very tranquil despite the presence of a large number of german motorcyclists.

The only "oh shit" moment came when I was preparing my dinner in my tent.

1. Cook some pasta.
2. Prepare some bread
3. Cut open some bread
4. Place bread on inflatable matress
5. Cut the bread .. [pip - hisssssssssssssssssssssssss]
6. Oh shit.

This is a real pain as the air matress is one of the things that makes camping a pleasure and not a sleepless nightmare. In the end I patched it up with some duck-tape, but it only holds air for about 1.5 hours, just enough time to get to sleep before I wake up uncomfortably and reinflate it.

On the positive side I found a solution for my broken tent pole. Inside my battered tent bag there is a tent repair kit, I knew it existed and I thought it just had a few sticky repair patches for the canvas, so it was here I checked for repair material for my matress, to my suprise I found a tube which can be used to fix my tent pole! Which is a real releif as my current "fix" (which involved taping a tent peg to the broken poles) will surely cause irrepairable damage.

The staff at the campsite were all really nice and, as I noticed, german. All the motorcyclists aswell. Infact, I think I was the only non-german on site. In anycase as I lay on my disinflated matress at 9:00 after having breakfast I didn't want to get up. I wanted to stay, it really was that nice.