---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-20
title: North from Madrid - La sierra de Guadarrama
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 43.2
distance: 78080
duration: 18300
---
Into the mountains north from madrid, seemingly not the "Montañas del norte" as the guide in Madrid told me (these seem to be located in Analusia).

No easy options road-wise for getting out of Madrid and bicycle forbidden on my chosen road (it wasn't a motorway, but it specifically said "no bicycles"). Ended up taking the airport route, riding on very straight and flat road which turned at right-angles and only seemed to be frequented by the occasional "Guardia Civile" police car.

Was once again frustrated by lack of viable routes for the bicycle, one road would go exactly where I wanted, but it was an Autovia, the other (on which I *could* ride a bicycle) was a huge 20k detour. On my map however there was a brown dotted line which plotted a course in the right direction - brown dotted lines mean tracks, which may or may not be suitable for bikes and which are generally suited to walking.

Started off well enough, but soon the path became gritty, then wet and then my tyres were sinking in the mud and my speed gradually decreased until I was walking with the bike, and then even walking was difficult as there was so much **mud** that it jammed up the wheel. I also fell of the bike into the mud more than once. Mud got into my shoes. Some of the mud smelt real bad. Took 15 minutes to clean the mud from the bike and from inside of my shoes.

But at least days like this are interesting.