---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-02
title: El Chorro and Antequerda
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 53.04
distance: 91600
duration: 20150
---
Had an early breafast at the campsite, dogs were barking to one another throughout the night quite without reason, from near and from far, and didn't sleep very well, but well enough.

Did some work in the campsites reception before packing up my tent and resuming the road east towards Granada.

* Hello, are you familiar with this place?
* No
* OK, nevermind, goodbye.
* But! I have a map, I said indicating my mobile phone
* Thats OK, we have a map too. Thankyou, goodbye.
* Goodbye.

This converstation wouldn't have been worth mentioning if it hadn't all been in Spanish, and it was the first time I didn't have to resort to "I don't understand" or "I don't speak Spanish".

This conversation happened on the descent into a town called "El Chorro" which is a beautiful small town enclosed on all sides by high rocks and contained within, a lake and hydro electric dam - one of the first, having been constructed around 1910. There was a "climbers refuge" here, offering accomodation at €10 per night, or (and I might be mistaken) €19 for a week.

Climb out was quite a long lone but I was gratified by the stunning scenery and continued to be presented with new vistas all the way to the city of Antequera. I had wanted to do camping, and there was indeed a campsite marked on my map, but it was marked only "campsite" - it has no name, no website, and judging by my experience so far, there was no gaurantee that it would be open - it was also a detour, so I instead went to search for accomodation in the city.

I arrived at the Hotel Colón, and there was nobody there. Another couple were also waiting, a sign said in spanish and english "Back in 5 minutes", I waited 5 then was about to leave to checkout another place when the lady came back with a jolly smile - I wanted to leave all the same as I had a suspicion the other place would be cheaper - but I think she sensed this and let me have the room for €15. And its a good room too, air conditioning, fridge, bathroom, double bed, television - granted out of these things I have only used the toilet, but still, very good.

* People ask me "where are you from" and I say Spain!
* Hmm
* They see my face, my freckles, my hair ...
* ..
* They think I am Irish, or Scottish! No! Spanish!

The receptionist was very friendly and welcoming and helpful, and indeed she didn't look very Spanish, she had pale skin with freckles and mousy hair

A minor equipmental disaster also prompted me to buy some new headphones - mine fell down and got mangled in the chain of my bike - and as a luxury (I guess headphones are essential then) I also spent a day and halfs budget on a new set of "high fidelity" headphones in addition to the in-ear ones I used on the bike. These replace those that were stolen and are a true indulgence as I can now listen to loud music on my laptop while working with bass and loudness and bliss.