---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-10
title: Great Mountains
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 63.11
distance: 120390
duration: 31132
---
I left the coastal campsite with the relief that my stay had only cost me €13 instead of the €19 I was expecting, I spent the difference on shopping. When I got into the campsite the night before they're supermarket was closed until the morning, and the nearest supermarket was over a hill, I had to make do with what I already had, and I had to ration it and cook some pasta.

So, before yesterday my goal was clear, Granada to Almeria. Today my goal is not clear at all, follow the coast? Or ... those squigly roads to the north look interesting, hotels, hostels and campings are few and far between however.

I am going north, I guess I am heading towards Madrid and I guess I'm heading back to St-Jean-de-Luz and then I guess I'm going to cross the Pyrenees again.

Today was sobering however, I was fine, even confortable and content after 5 hours, but as I cycled up 1 hour ascents only to round the corner to see the road winding up in the distance, I became less and less well humored.

I was concerend about where I would stay, although surely plently of Camping-Sauvage oppurtunities - I stopped once.

I found a stoned-in enclosure, on the grassy apex of a mountain bend, inside was an old dustbin, various bits of litter, and the decaying remains of somebody's inner-tube. It was out-of-sight from the road. There was a pair of shoes placed in the recesses of the stone wall. The was a mattress covered with the pine needles of unknown years. The shoes were also decaying, they had sure been there for a long time.

I decided not to stay, the town (and accommodation) could only be an hour away, and a hot shower, supermarket and toilet all sounded like good reasons not to camp out.

So, yet another Hotel, €20. The descent, I had been climbing for the most of the day, the descent was a good one. I first descended into a quarraying region, ascended a little, then was approaching the top of the ascent. As I edged closer all I could see over the top was blue sky - then top! As I edged further I could make out mountain tops, but they were a misty blue color, far-away. I descended for about 15 minutes the view was spectacular, and it was well worth the work.