---
layout: journey
date: 2013-04-25
title: Sevilla - another day off
hasJournal: yes
---
Decided to stay in Sevilla for a day. When I arrived yesterday evening at the youth hostel I went to the roof terrace and had a conversation with a girl from Los Angeles and a guy from Boston. The girl was studying here and the guy was studying in Paris. They left shortly after but invited me to a Flamenco night, which I didn't go to, and I didn't see either of them again.

The next couple I met were two girls, one a pretty, voluptuous, blonde the other had shaven brown hair in a style common with Spanish travellers. They were from Spain, or rather from the Basque country, they made note of the fact that Spanish was infact their second language, and that they're primary language was Basque. A language unrelated to Spanish or French.

A complimentary Majitto was offered to each guest, so later in the evening I went back to the roof terrace to claim mine. There were a group that had met earlier sitting around the table, I didn't feel that I could join this group (it being made up of Spanish speakers), and besides, there was no room at the table. Behind them were two asian girls sitting apart. I at the back of the Spanish group and in front of the asian girls. I rolled a cigerette and poured myself a glass of wine.

* "Where are you from" I asked the girls.
* "Taiwan"

They were stereotypically (in my imagination) animated and smiley and quite nice, and in asian humor.

* "I havn't got a job, I was a web developer, now I just do it as a hobby"
* "What. I do not understand" (laughing) "You are crazy!"

They were similarily dumbfounded when I mentioned that I had cycled from Cannes to here, and again when I said that I would like one day to cycle to Taiwan. I felt as if I should be reciprocating their enthusiasm, but was unable to, and I left awkward silences instead, they carried on talking to each other, whilst I mused and occasionally flew a question their way.

I later finished off a bottle of red wine whilst watching the Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers. The next day I went for a run, with the aim of having a really good look atound the city, but felt awful. My legs were aching (I guess not being used to the work after 2 week break) and I had no energy. After 20 minutes I stopped and laid down on the riverside by a bridge. It might have been the bottle of wine, it might have been that I hadn't eaten in 8 hours (though I wasn't hungry) - but energetic I was not. I turned back running to the Hostel anyway, but when I got there I thought I had better carry on going as some of the sites were no more than 5 - 10 minutes run away. In the end I was out for around one and half hours.

The first night I spent alone in the 4 bed dormitory, today I was joined by two girls, firstly a girl from Sweden, who was back-packing around Spain and heading towards Portugal, the second a girl from Clermont-Ferrand, France. Who was interested in my journey, and that I had passed so-very-near to Clermont-Ferrand for the Trail-de-Vulcain. I had good chats with both of them and they were both very nice.

Didn't sleep well due to drunken youths partying and laughing like hyenas until 4am. I could have asked then to shut-up, be they were blind-drunk (I could tell), so would not have been able to be quiet for long, and in anycase I was half asleep and couldn't imagine how to get out of bed. So I resigned myself to perserverance. Finally sensing an all-clear at about 4am with a continuous period of non-broken silence.