---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-29
title: A 5km Tunnel in the Pyreneeos
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 60.78
distance: 76740
duration: 20856
---
Today was truly spectacular. I left the campsite after checking my emails at around 10:00am, from there on I continued at a slowly at 7-10kmph for hours as the majestic mountains passed slowly by.

As I climbed higher it started to rain and snow, but it never got very cold. I rode through many tunnels and was supprised when I noticed a 5km long tunnel on my map, infact 2 5km long tunnels! A major one and a minor one, both running side-by-side.

5km is a long tunnel, I think the longest tunnel I have ever been though was 1km in the Alpes. As I approached I was unsure what the Spanish signs were telling me to do - there was no "no cyclists" signs, but at the same time I knew that some countries ban cyclists from long tunnels.

I checked out the "minor" tunnel, and there was a red LED cross above the entrance and a barrier. Hmm, guess I can't go that way then. As I rode back down towards the main tunnel an official truck came up the road towards me, probably with the intention of seeing what I was intending to do, but I waved and rode over preemptively.

The guy said that it was OK to go through the main tunnel, but only with a high-vis vest, he talked in Spanish:

* Do you have a high visiblity jacket?
* No.
* Really? You don't have one?
* No.

He phoned up somebody, and they agreed on something, he then gave me a vest and told me to leave it in the office at the other end of the tunnel.

The tunnel was great, after climbing for about 4 hours the tunnel was downhill. It was a little frightening as the road was quite narrow and I didn't want any big lorries to overtake me, but it was exhilterating burning down through this tunnel for 15 minutes and then coming out the otherside, under the great big snow-capped mountain.

I laughed like a madman as I rapidly desenceded the mountainside for 6km to the next town.

The town was the perfect place to sort out my inflatable matress problem, it was a skiing town, so lots of outdoor shops. Unfortunately neither of the camping shops had any repair kits for my matress, so I just bought a simple foam roll-matt and decided to try and fix my matress with a bicycle repair kit.

The campsite I had pinpointed on the map was closed, the "next" one was about 30k, the "previous" about 10k. There was no way I was going to eat into tomorrows KMs so I just jept going.

Beside campsites the map also pointed out two Albergues. I thought I would check them out. The first was €25 - and that was sleeping in your sleeping bag. The second was an Hostelling International hostel, and it cost just €17.50 for a private room with toilet and shower and breakfast! I'm still unsure as to if they have dormitories that cost even less, but, who cares. Theres internet in the room too.