---
layout: journey
date: 2013-05-09
title: Cabo de Gabar-Nijar
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 67
distance: 57000
duration: 13320
---
I decided to drink a bottle of wine last night. This seems to be something I do in Hotel rooms. I drink a bottle of red wine and try and watch a film.

I woke up in the morning and made a coffee with my gas-stove, I then tried to do some work, and managed to spill the coffee everywhere - the whole cup - all over the linen.

I did quite a poor job at cleaning it up before leaving. I then went down the road to grab something to eat, I had left without saying anything about the coffee - after all, what good would it do? Unfortunately, as I finished my Nepoliatana and remounted my bicycle I noticed my cycle computer was missing, it was still in the Hotel room! This was a dilemma.

The hotel would surely have checked my room and be slightly pissed off that I had spilt coffee all over the bed, staining the mattress and linen. I was glad to have "gotten away with it", now I would have to go back - or simply buy another cycle computer!

After debating with myself I decided the best thing would be to buy another cycle computer. I didn't want to have to go back and explain myself. I started off, but then thought - wait. This cycle computer will cost at least €25, more likely €40. Whats the worst that could happen if you go back?

Will they only give me back my cycle computer if I pay a cleaning bill? Will they hold the computer back out of spite? Will they give me an evil look? Will I feel, well, stupid.

Probably, but rationaly, the worse that could happen is that they ask for some money from me, and that was likely to be less than the cost of a new cycle computer.

I went back:

* Hola, Amigo!

Thank fuck. They hadn't seen the room, I ran upstairs and retrieved my cycle computer and my banana. The room stank of coffee.