---
layout: journey
date: 2013-04-28
title: Yesterday, today and somebody elses car accident
hasJournal: yes
maxSpeed: 48
distance: 106000
duration: 18000
---
### Yesterday

The first camp site I got to at about 4:30pm, as I cycled down the dirt road, following signs for camping I saw ahead of me a barrier and a group of 10 people. I looked around them to see if any would take me in hand as a customer, but none seemed to be officials of the place. The reception was closed until 5pm, so I cycled in, had a look around, swimming pool, nude area, etc. I sat down, ate some biscuits and read Ulysses - an endlessly fascinating and weird book - at 5:25pm a woman approached me with a severe look, what do you want? You want camping?

"Yes. I want camping" I smiled
"Hmm. How many nights"
"One"
"One night, impossible. Only three nights"
..
"Thats a shame"
"Yes, .. there are lots of other campsites, 300m down road."

I wondered why, the place wasn't in high season. The next campsite received me, but were not exactly welcoming and the guy seemed to make a joke at my expense. But anyway I settled my tent down, they had wifi. I had a late siesta in the tent and became a hidden passive observer of the sounds of children as they ran around calling to each other, playing games.

Afterwards I went to the bar, spending longer than expected trying to get WiFi working on my laptop before giving up. And doing some work offline.

But, this post is for the day after.

### The day after

The day after I got up for breakfast at 8:00am, the bar was closed, so I headed back to my tent and packed all my gear up, except for the tent. At 8:30pm I headed back to the bar which had just opened and ordered breakfast, reading the news and checking my emails as usual on the phone. I then returned and packed up the tent, brushed my teeth and was out of the place by 9:30.

The coastal road from the west to Tarifa is really nice. The wind was behind me all the way, and alot of land seemed to be reserved for military use, and as such it was untouched. To my right was the sea, and I could see some 4 legged mammals on the beach - from a distance I thought maybe seals, or walruses, but more likely to be some type of common bovine.

The mountains were in plain view and a multitude of wind turbines dotted the hills with the steady swish-swish-swish of their blades which combined with the silent hum of my tires on the asphalt.

I stopped for lunch, making myself a bannana and laughing-cow-cheese sandwich, with some potato-chips. Then I covered the remaining distance (15k) to Tarifa with a strong tail wind. In Tarifa I demolished a packet of biscuits - I would head to Algeciras and stay in the Hotel that I stayed in a year and a half ago after existing Morocco.

### Somebody elses car accident

I was riding up the long ascent from Tarifa to Algeciras, it was beginning to rain, and the rain drops felt icy cold against my sun bathed skin. Up ahead I could see cars stopped cars and debris in the middle of the road. From behind I couldn't make out what had happened, was it a motorcyclist? The closer I got I could see the debris, which had spilt out onto the opposite side of the road was from a car. I rode past and could now see what had happening.

There were no police or ambulances at the scene. About 5 people, 2 cars, looked like a head-on collision. Luckily nobody was seriously injured. A pregnant woman was standing against the crash barrier, another woman, a driver, was still in her car crying. A man, was walking about in shock "No pasa nada, no pasa nada", a little boy was still in the other car. Some of them had blood upon them, the little boy had blood upon him. The fronts of boths cars were completely destroyed, they had completely caved in exposing a mess of engines. It was a truly horrible scene, and given what I imagined had happened, it was amazing that nobody was seriously hurt.

Before this, as I was riding up to the accident, a car in front of me pulled up. This man I could now see was on the phone to the emergency services. I didn't know what to do, I had parked my bike in front of the wrecked cars and had wondered into the vicinity of the accident, looking, trying to figure out what I could do. "Can I do anything?" I asked generally at the shocked man but he ignored me as he walked back and forth and around the cars. The woman driver was still in her seat crying and reaching out towards another man, somebody else had taken another of the women and laid her out on her back at the side of the road. I looked at the exposed engine and at the dripping liquid, radiator water or oil I assumed. The little boy was looking at me, the shocked man briefly looked at me before addressing his son. The man who had pulled in before me was still on the phone.

I didn't know what to do, I felt surplus to requirements, I was afraid that if I did try to help I would just make things worse. I can't speak Spanish, I don't know first aid. I just stood there. Where was the ambulance? Where were the police? I got back on my bike and cycled away. I don't know what was wrong with me, in retrospect I was probably the second person on the scene. I didn't check that everybody was OK. I had assumed the shocked man knew what he was doing, when in fact he was probably not thinking clearly. I had assumed, oddly, that these people all knew each other and were helping each other, but in retrospect I knew half of these people exactly as well as they knew the other half. In short I should have helped in some way, but I didn't know how to go about it. So I assumed that things were in order, that I was superfluous, and I left.

The radio in one of the cars was still playing a currently popular song " ... Your beautiful, like diamonds in the sky ... "